When everything falls apart, only one thing sustains our hope: God loves us, he loves everyone!
Now is the time for a change in mindset and to stop pretending that our actions do not affect those who suffer from hunger.
That which gives us true freedom and true happiness is the compassionate love of Christ.
A great challenge: stop ruining the garden which God has entrusted to us so that all may enjoy it.
How wonderful it is to proclaim to everyone the love of God which saves us and gives meaning to our lives!
The Church is a mother with an open heart, ready to help all people, especially those who try the hardest
In Confession, Jesus welcomes us with all our sinfulness, to give us a new heart, capable of loving as he loves.
God’s love is free.  He asks for nothing in return; all he wants is for his love to be accepted.
Lord, seize us with your power and light, help us to protect all life, to prepare for a better future. #LaudatoSi
Let us sing as we go. May our struggles and our concern for this planet never take away the joy of our hope.
An integral ecology includes taking time to reflect on our lifestyle and our ideals. #LaudatoSi
Christian spirituality proposes an alternative understanding of the quality of life.
Living our vocation to be protectors of God’s handiwork is not a secondary aspect of our Christian experience.
The teachings of the Gospel have direct consequences for our way of thinking, feeling and living. #LaudatoSi
The emptier a person’s heart is, the more he or she needs to buy, own and consume. #LaudatoSi
Many things have to change course, but it is we human beings above all who need to change.
Believers must feel challenged to live in a way consonant with their faith. #LaudatoSi
We know how unsustainable is the behaviour of those who constantly consume and destroy.
A decrease in the pace of production and consumption can at times give rise to another form of progress and development.
Reducing greenhouse gases requires honesty, courage and responsibility. #LaudatoSi
Interdependence obliges us to think of one world with a common plan.
Leaving an inhabitable planet to future generations is, first and foremost, up to us.
What is at stake is our own dignity.
What kind of world do we want to leave to those who come after us, to children who are now growing up?
The world we have received also belongs to who will follow us. #LaudatoSi
Having a home has much to do with a sense of personal dignity and the growth of families. #LaudatoSi
For indigenous communities, land is not a commodity, but a gift from God, a sacred space.
We need an integrated approach to combating poverty and protecting nature.
It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. #LaudatoSi
The culture of relativism drives one person to take advantage of another, to treat others as mere objects.
Christian thought sees human beings as possessing a particular dignity above other creatures.
There is an urgent need for us to move forward in a bold cultural revolution. #LaudatoSi
Scientific and technological progress cannot be equated with the progress of humanity and history.
By itself the market cannot guarantee integral human development and social inclusion.
We are learning all too slowly the lessons of environmental deterioration. #LaudatoSi
It is possible that we don’t grasp the gravity of the challenges before us. #LaudatoSi
Each age tends to have only a meagre awareness of its own limitations.
Never has humanity had such power over itself, yet nothing ensures that it will be used wisely.
For believers, this becomes a question of fidelity to the Creator.
Earth is essentially a shared inheritance, whose fruits are meant to benefit everyone. #LaudatoSi
We continue to tolerate some considering themselves more worthy than others.
We should be particularly indignant at the enormous inequalities in our midst. #LaudatoSi
At times more zeal is shown in protecting other species than in defending the equal dignity of human beings.
A fragile world challenges us to devise intelligent ways of directing, developing and limiting our power.
Every creature is the object of the Father’s tenderness, who gives it its place in the world.
“Creation” has a broader meaning than “nature”; it has to do with God’s loving plan. #LaudatoSi
Each community has the duty to protect the earth and to ensure its fruitfulness for coming generations.
The present world system is certainly unsustainable from a number of points of view. #LaudatoSi
We need only to take a frank look at the facts to see that our common home is falling into serious disrepair. #LaudatoSi
Whatever is fragile, like the environment, is defenceless before the interests of a deified market.
The alliance between economy and technology ends up sidelining anything unrelated to its immediate interests.
Economic interests easily end up trumping the common good.
There is no room for the globalization of indifference. #LaudatoSi
Developed countries ought to help pay this debt by limiting their consumption of nonrenewable energy.
A true “ecological debt” exists, particularly between the global north and south.
To blame population growth, and not an extreme consumerism on the part of some, is one way of refusing to face the issues.
We have to hear both the cry of the earth and the cry of the poor. #LaudatoSi
The deterioration of the environment and of society affect the most vulnerable people on the planet.
The human environment and the natural environment deteriorate together.
One particularly serious problem is the quality of water available to the poor. #LaudatoSi
These problems are closely linked to a throwaway culture.
The earth, our home, is beginning to look more and more like an immense pile of filth.
Climate change represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day. #LaudatoSi
The climate is a common good, belonging to all and meant for all.
“To commit a crime against the natural world is a sin against ourselves and a sin against God.” (Patriarch Bartholomew)
The throwaway culture of today calls for a new lifestyle. #LaudatoSi
There is a value proper to each creature.
There is a need to seek other ways of understanding the economy and progress. #LaudatoSi
There is an intimate relationship between the poor and the fragility of the planet. #LaudatoSi
We need a new dialogue about how we are shaping the future of our planet. #LaudatoSi
I invite all to pause to think about the challenges we face regarding care for our common home. #LaudatoSi
Today the Church is a Church of martyrs, so many heroic witnesses.  May we learn from their courage.
Where there is no work, there is no dignity.
In the Sacrament of the Eucharist we find God who gives himself.
We need to build up society in the light of the Beatitudes, walking towards the Kingdom with the least among us.
The light of the Gospel guides all who put themselves at the service of the civilization of love.
Lord, grant us the awesome gift of meeting you.
Christians are witnesses not to a theory, but to a Person: Christ risen and alive, the one Saviour of all.
We can observe the Fourth Commandment by loving visits to our aging grandparents.
Let us invoke the Holy Spirit each day: He guides us along the path of discipleship in Christ.
Lord, send forth your Holy Spirit to bring consolation and strength to persecuted Christians.  #free2pray
There are times when God is silent, a silence which cannot be understood unless we gaze upon Christ crucified.
God is always waiting for us, he always understands us, he always forgives us.
It is better to have a Church that is wounded but out in the streets than a Church that is sick because it is closed in on itself.
Dear parents, have great patience, and forgive from the depths of your heart.
Why is it so difficult to tolerate the faults of others?  Have we forgotten that Jesus bore our sins?
Let us learn to live with kindness, to love everyone, even when they do not love us.
When we cannot earn our own bread, we lose our dignity.  This is a tragedy today, especially for the young.
It is good for us to spend time before the Tabernacle, to feel the gaze of Jesus upon us.
The love of Christ fills our hearts and makes us always able to forgive!
Amid so many problems, even grave, may we not lose our hope in the infinite mercy of God.
Every Christian community must be a welcoming home for those searching for God,for those searching for a brother or sister to listen to them
We Christians are called to go out of ourselves to bring the mercy and tenderness of God to all.
In the Sacraments we discover the strength to think and to act according to the Gospel.
We need to care for the earth so that it may continue, as God willed, to be a source of life for the entire human family.
Mary, Mother of Sorrows, help us to understand God’s will in moments of great suffering.
The Lord never tires of forgiving us.  It is we who get tired of asking for pardon.
We can bring the Gospel to others only if it has made a deep impact in our lives.
Lord, give us the gift of tears, the ability to cry for our sins and so receive your forgiveness.
Lord, help us to live the virtue of generosity, to love without limits.
Christ is risen!  Christ is alive and journeys with us!
The Cross of Christ is not a defeat: the Cross is love and mercy.
Jesus washes the feet of the Apostles.  Are we ready to serve others like this?
Confession is the sacrament of the tenderness of God, his way of embracing us.
Holy Week is a privileged time when we are called to draw near to Jesus: friendship with him is shown in times of difficulty.
As disciples of Christ, how can we not be concerned for the good of the weakest?
Life is a precious gift, but we realize this only when we give it to others.
The laity are called to become a leaven of Christian living within society.
Suffering is a call to conversion: it reminds us of our frailty and vulnerability.
May every Church and Christian community be a place of mercy amid so much indifference.
Let us allow God to fill our hearts with his goodness and mercy.
Lent is a time for drawing near to Christ by listening to the word of God and celebrating the sacraments.
Beware of getting too comfortable!  When we are comfortable, it’s easy to forget other people.
In the roughest moments, remember: God is our Father; God does not abandon his children.
Humility saves man: pride makes him lose his way.
Let us build our lives of faith on the rock who is Christ.
If we are too attached to riches, we are not free.  We are slaves.
The heart grows hard when it does not love.  Lord, give us a heart that knows how to love.
Jesus intercedes for us each day.  Let us pray: Lord, have mercy on me; intercede for me!
There is no sin that God cannot pardon.  All we need to do is ask for forgiveness.
The Sacraments are the manifestation of the Father’s tenderness and love towards each of us.
Wherever there are men and women who have consecrated their lives to God, there you find joy.
Lord, grant us the grace to know we are sinners.
During Lent, let us find concrete ways to overcome our indifference.
Jesus came to bring joy to everyone in every age.
Jesus is not a figure from the past: he continues now and always to light the way for us.
Having faith does not mean having no difficulties, but having the strength to face them, knowing we are not alone.
We are all sinners.  We are all called to a conversion of heart.
A credible witness to truth and to the values of the Gospel is urgently needed.
True love does not pay attention to the evil it suffers.  It rejoices in doing good.
Auschwitz cries out with the pain of immense suffering and pleads for a future of respect, peace and encounter among peoples.
Practicing charity is the best way to evangelize.
Every Life is a Gift. #marchforlife
Sa aking mga kaibigan sa Sri Lanka at Pilipinas: Naway pagpalain kayo ng Diyos. Sana´y patuloy niyo akong ipagdasal.
To my friends in Sri Lanka and the Philippines: May God bless you all!  Please pray for me.
Madalas nating makalimutang pagtuunan ng pansin ang mga bagay na talagang mahalaga. Nakakalimutan natin na tayo'y Anak ng Diyos.
How often we forget to dedicate ourselves to that which truly matters!  We forget that we are children of God.
Bilang Kristiyano, miyembro ng pamilya ng Diyos, tinatawag tayo upang hanapin at paglingkuran ang lahat ng mga nangangailangan.
We who are Christians, members of God’s family, are called to go out to the needy and to serve them.
Ang kahabagan ng Diyos, ang kanyang sakripisyo, ay nagbibigay saysay at halaga sa lahat ng ating paghihirap.
The com-passion of God, his suffering-with-us, gives meaning and worth to our struggles and our sufferings.
Ang pamilya  ay ang pinakamahalagang kayamanan ng isang bansa. Naway pagsikapan nating ipagtanggol at patatagin itong pundasyon ng lipunan.
The family is the greatest treasure of any country.  Let us all work to protect and strengthen this, the cornerstone of society.
Ang Pilipinas ay patunay ng kabataan at kasiglahan ng Simbahan.
The Philippines bear witness to the youthfulness and vitality of the Church.
දෙවියන්වහන්සේ  ලක් දිව ආශීර්වාද කර රැක ගන්නා සේක්වා
இறைவன் இலங்கையை ஆசீர்வதித்து காப்பாராக.
May God bless and protect Sri Lanka.
Saint Joseph Vaz, teach us to grow in holiness and to live the Gospel’s message of mercy.
Please pray with me for everyone in Sri Lanka and the Philippines as I begin my trip.
Sunday is the Lord’s Day. Let us find time to be with him.
#PrayersForParis
Jesus came to save us: let us not reject this marvellous gift!
Lord, help us to recognize you in the sick, poor and suffering.
Christianity spreads through the joy of disciples who know that they are loved and saved.
How many innocent people and children suffer in the world! Lord, grant us your peace!
Lord, thank you!
Today people are suffering from poverty, but also from lack of love.
The Christian family is missionary: it announces the love of God to the world.
Let us pray today for all those who are persecuted for their Christian faith.
With Jesus there is true joy.
May we try to listen and be silent in order to make space for the beauty of God.
At times we are slaves of sin.  Lord, come to free us!
If Jesus is to become the centre of our life, we need to spend time in his presence, before the Tabernacle.
The Lord put it clearly: you cannot serve two masters.  You have to choose between God and money.
It is so important to listen!  Husbands and wives need to communicate to bring happiness and serenity to family life.
Today is my anniversary of ordination to the priesthood. Please pray for me and all priests.
Our Lady of Guadalupe, pray for us!
Ecology is essential for the survival of mankind; it is a moral issue which affects all of us.
The family is a community of love where each of us learns to relate to others and to the world around us.
Let us learn from the Virgin Mary how to be bolder in obeying the word of God.
My video message for Iraqi Christians

http://t.co/ydKEgSGWHX
Advent begins a new journey.  May Mary, our Mother, be our guide.
Advent increases our hope, a hope which does not disappoint.  The Lord never lets us down.
Slaves no more. We are all brothers and sisters. #EndSlavery
The Church is called to draw near to every person, beginning with the poorest and those who suffer.
Love is the measure of faith.
When we meet a person truly in need, do we see the face of God?
Let us seek to live in a way that is always worthy of our Christian vocation.
There is so much noise in the world! May we learn to be silent in our hearts and before God.
A Christian brings peace to others. Not only peace, but also love, kindness, faithfulness and joy.
War destroys, kills, impoverishes. Lord, give us your peace!
Work is so important for human dignity, for building up a family, for peace!
I ask all people of goodwill to help build a culture of encounter, solidarity and peace. #fotw25
The Church is ever on a journey, seeking new ways to announce the Gospel.
Indifference towards those in need is not acceptable for a Christian.
Being humble helps us share the burdens of others.
A good example brings about so much good, but hypocrisy brings about much evil.
The principal mission of the Church is evangelization, bringing the Good News to everyone.
May we help people to discover the joy of the Christian message: a message of love and mercy.
Jesus’ Cross shows the full force of evil, but also the full power of God’s mercy.
The family is where we are formed as people.  Every family is a brick in the building of society.
If faith is to be strong and healthy, it must be constantly nourished by the Word of God.
To change the world we must be good to those who cannot repay us.
A Christian is merciful by nature; this is heart of the Gospel.
O Lord, comfort all those who suffer, especially the sick, the poor and the unemployed.
The spiritual power of the Sacraments is boundless.  With grace, we can overcome every obstacle.
Dear young people, Christ is counting on you to be his friends and witnesses to his infinite love.
Let us ask the Lord for the grace not to speak badly of others, not to criticize, not to gossip, but rather to love everyone.
Come, Holy Spirit. Bestow upon us your gifts during the Synod. #prayforsynod
As we begin the Synod on the Family, let us ask the Lord to show us the way forward. #prayforsynod
As Jesus told Martha in the Gospel, one thing is necessary: prayer. #praywithus
Happy families are essential for the Church and for society.  #prayforsynod
A Synod means walking together but also praying together.  I ask all the faithful to participate. #praywithus
Division within a Christian community is a very grave sin; it is the work of the devil.
There is the tendency to place ourselves and our ambitions at the center of our lives. This is very human, but it is not Christian.
Jesus understands our weaknesses and sins; and he forgives us if we allow ourselves to be forgiven.
When a society lacks God, even prosperity is joined by a terrible spiritual poverty.
Dear young people, listen within: Christ is knocking at the door of your heart.
Mary, give us the grace of being joyful as we walk in the freedom of the children of God.
The Lord is always there waiting to give us his love: it is an amazing thing, one which never ceases to surprise us!
Despite our sins, we can say with Peter: Lord, you know everything, you know that I love you.
We cannot trust in our own strength, but only in Jesus and in his mercy.
God’s faithfulness is stronger than our unfaithfulness and our infidelities.
Jesus is the Good Shepherd.  He seeks us out and he stays near us even though we are sinners, indeed because we are sinners.
I pray every day for all who are suffering in Iraq. Please join me. http://t.co/10d1EpV4zg
Our Christian witness is authentic when it is faithful and unconditional.
The Christian who does not feel that the Virgin Mary is his or her mother is an orphan.
The Lord always forgives us and walks at our side.  We have to let him do that.
From the cross, Christ teaches us to love even those who do not love us.
God’s love is unbounded: it has no limits!
Christians knows how to give.  Their lives are filled with generous acts – often hidden – towards their neighbour.
Let us ask the Lord for this grace: that our hearts become free and filled with light, so that we can rejoice as children of God.
한국의 친구들이여, 고맙습니다. 하느님의 뜻에 따라 저는 곧 아시아에 다시 올 것입니다.
#Philippines #SriLanka
Thank you, my friends in Korea. God willing, I will be back in Asia very soon. #Philippines #SriLanka
So many innocent people have been driven from their homes in Iraq. Lord, we pray they may go back soon.
예수님이 지신 십자가의 힘을 믿으십시오! 예수님께서 보여주신 화해의 은총을 받아 이웃과 나누시기 바랍니다.
Trust in the power of Christ’s Cross!  Receive his reconciling grace and share it!
Lord, with so much violence in Iraq, may we persevere in our prayer and generosity.
우리는 하느님의 자비로 구원받았습니다. 이 기쁜 소식을 지치지 말고 온 세상에 다 함께 전합시다.
It is by God’s mercy that we are saved. May we never tire of spreading this joyful message to the world.
교회가 하느님의 사랑 안에서 더욱 경건하고 낮은 자세로 가난한 사람들과 외롭고 병든자들을 섬길 수 있도록 기도합시다
Let us pray that the Church be holier and more humble, loving God by serving the poor, the lonely and the sick.
Let us not forget the cry of Christians and all vulnerable populations in Iraq.
순교자들은 저희에게 부와 명성과 영예는 중요하지 않다고 가르치고 있습니다. 예수님이 유일하고 진정한 보물입니다.
The martyrs teach us that wealth, prestige and honor have little importance: Christ is the only true treasure.
My heart bleeds especially when I think of the children in Iraq. May Mary, Our Mother, protect them.
친애하는 젊은이들에게, 예수님은 저희에게 우리 삶에서 정말 중요한 것들을 놓치지 않고 볼 수 있도록 항상 각성하고 깨어 있으라고 하셨습니다.
Dear young people, Christ asks you to be wide awake and alert, to see the things in life that really matter.
천주의 성모마리아님, 저희가 하느님의 계획에 따라 세상을 바꿀 수 있도록 도와주십시오.
Mary, Queen of Heaven, help us to transform the world according to God’s plan.
Mary, Queen of Peace, help us to root out hatred and live in harmony.
성 요한 바오로 2세님, 저희 그리고 특별히 젊은이들을 위해 기도해주십시오.
Saint John Paul II, pray for us and especially for our youth.
한국에 하느님의 은총이 함께 하시기를 - 특별히 노년층과 젋은이들에게.
May God bless Korea – and in a special way, the elderly and the young people.
I thank all those who are courageously helping our brothers and sisters in Iraq.
한국으로의 여정을 시작하며, 한국과 아시아 전역을 위한 저의 기도에 동참해주시기를 부탁드립니다.
As I begin my trip, I ask you to join me in praying for Korea and for all of Asia.
An appeal to all families: when you say your prayers, remember all those forced from their homes in Iraq. #PrayForPeace
The news coming from Iraq pains me. Lord, teach us to live in solidarity with all those who suffer.
Those driven from their homes in Iraq depend on us. I ask all to pray, and for those who are able, to give material assistance.
Violence is not conquered by violence. Lord, send us the gift of peace. #prayforpeace
I ask the international community to protect all those suffering violence in Iraq.
I ask all Catholic parishes and communities to offer a special prayer this weekend for Iraqi Christians.
Lord, we pray that  you sustain those who have been deprived of everything in Iraq. #prayforpeace
Please take a moment today to pray for all those who have been forced from their homes in Iraq. #PrayForPeace
I ask all men and women of goodwill to join me in praying for Iraqi Christians and all vulnerable populations.
The Christian is someone who can decrease so that the Lord may increase, in his heart and in the heart of others.
If you hoard material possessions, they will rob you of your soul.
When we do not adore God, we adore something else.  Money and power are false idols which often take the place of God.
May each family rediscover family prayer, which helps to bring about mutual understanding and forgiveness.
May we be always more grateful for the help of domestic workers and caregivers; theirs is a precious service.
When one lives attached to money, pride or power, it is impossible to be truly happy.
The great threat in today’s world is the loneliness of hearts oppressed by greed.
The Lord loves a cheerful giver.  May we learn to be generous in giving, free from the love of material possessions.
The Church, by her nature, is missionary. She exists so that every man and woman may encounter Jesus.
Dear young people, do not be mediocre; the Christian life challenges us with great ideals.
The World Cup allowed people from different countries and religions to come together. May sport always promote the culture of encounter.
Do not be afraid to cast yourselves into the arms of God; whatever he asks of you, he will repay a hundredfold.
With God, nothing is lost; but without him, everything is lost.
Dear young people, do not give up your dreams of a more just world!
To live as true children of God means to love our neighbour and to be close to those who are lonely and in difficulty.
Jesus, help us to love God as Father and our neighbour as ourselves.
May Saints Peter and Paul bless the city of Rome and the entire pilgrim Church throughout the world.
To be friends with God means to pray with simplicity, like children talking to their parents.
In the face of life’s difficulties, let us ask the Lord for the strength to remain joyful witnesses to our faith.
The family is essential to sustaining human and social development.
How I wish everyone had decent work!  It is essential for human dignity.
Let us pray for the Christian communities in the Middle East, that they may continue to live in the land where Christianity was born.
There is so much indifference in the face of suffering.  May we overcome indifference with concrete acts of charity.
There is never a reason to lose hope.  Jesus says: “I am with you until the end of the world”.
Sometimes we cast the elderly aside, but they are a precious treasure: to cast them aside is an injustice and an irreparable loss.
May the Lord bless the family and strengthen it in this moment of crisis.
We run the risk of forgetting the suffering which doesn’t affect us personally.  May we respond to it, and may we pray for peace in Syria.
May we not resist the Holy Spirit but allow him to work in our lives, so that he can renew us, the Church and the world.
I wish everyone a wonderful World Cup, played in a spirit of true fraternity.
Let us pray for all victims of sexual violence in conflict, and those working to end this crime. #TimeToAct
May we never talk about others behind their backs, but speak to them openly about what we think.
I ask all people of good will to join us today in praying for peace in the Middle East. #weprayforpeace
Prayer is all-powerful. Let us use it to bring peace to the Middle East and peace to the world. #weprayforpeace
Peace is a gift of God, but requires our efforts. Let us be people of peace in prayer and deed. #weprayforpeace
Like the Good Samaritan, may we not be ashamed of touching the wounds of those who suffer, but try to heal them with concrete acts of love.
Thank you to all teachers: educating is an important mission, which draws young people to what is good, beautiful and true.
At times we can be self-absorbed.  Lord, help us to open our hearts to others and to serve those who are most vulnerable.
In the difficult moments of life, Christians can turn to the Mother of God and find protection and care.
Every Christian can witness to God in the workplace, not only with words, but above all with an honest life.
May we enter into true friendship with Jesus, so that following him closely, we may live with and for him.
Dear friends, please pray for me during my pilgrimage to the Holy Land.
To live by faith means to put our lives in the hands of God, especially in our most difficult moments.
We will never be disillusioned or lose our way if we are guided by God.
I ask all of you to pray for the victims of the floods in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in Serbia and in other countries in the region.
Come, Holy Spirit!  Help us to overcome our selfishness.
The one who listens attentively to the Word of God and truly prays, always asks the Lord: what is your will for me?
The month of May, dedicated to Mary, is a fitting time to begin to recite the rosary daily.
Our mission as Christians is to conform ourselves evermore to Jesus as the model of our lives.
Let us ask the Holy Spirit for the grace to live daily according to the mind of Jesus and his Gospel.
Let us pray for the miners who died in Turkey and for the latest victims of shipwreck in the Mediterranean.
Let us read the Gospel, a small section each day. This way we will learn what is most essential in our lives: love and mercy.
Our life has been saved by the blood of Christ. Let us always be renewed by this love.
Let us all join in prayer for the immediate release of the schoolgirls kidnapped in Nigeria.
#BringBackOurGirls
A family enlightened by the Gospel provides a school for Christian living! There one learns faithfulness, patience and sacrifice.
Holiness means giving ourselves in sacrifice every day. And so married life is a tremendous path to sanctity!
In our families we learn to love and to recognise the dignity of all, especially of the elderly.
A society which abandons children and the elderly severs its roots and darkens its future.
What does “evangelise” mean? To give witness with joy and simplicity to what we are and what we believe in.
Do not be afraid! Open the doors to Christ!
No one is more patient than God the Father; no one understands and knows how to wait as much as he does.
I ask everyone with political responsibility to remember two things: human dignity and the common good.
Who among us can presume to be free of sin?  No one. Let us ask God to forgive our sins.
Inequality is the root of social evil.
None of us can think we are exempt from concern for the poor and for social justice (EG 201).
We must not let ourselves fall into the vortex of pessimism. Faith can move mountains!
A simple lifestyle is good for us,  helping us to better share with those in need.
Each encounter with Jesus fills us with joy, with that deep joy which only God can give.
Christ is risen!  Alleluia!
Please join me in praying for the victims of the ferry disaster in Korea and their families
It is not easy to follow Jesus closely, because the path he chooses is the way of the Cross.
Each encounter with Jesus changes our life.
Holy Week is a good occasion to go to confession and to take up the right path again.
How beautiful it is to stand before the Crucifix, simply to be under the Lord’s gaze, so full of love. (EG 264)
Only trust in God can transform doubts into certainty, evil into good, night into radiant dawn.
Jesus teaches us to not be ashamed of touching human misery, of touching his flesh in our brothers and sisters who suffer. (EG 270)
We need to rediscover a contemplative spirit, so that the love of God may warm our hearts.
How good it is for us when the Lord unsettles our lukewarm and superficial lives.
In the Gospel we can hear Jesus speaking to us every day: may we always carry with us a small copy of the Gospel!
With Jesus our life becomes full. With him everything makes sense. (EG 266)
May we never get used to the poverty and decay around us. A Christian must act.
Dear parents, teach your children to pray. Pray with them.
Lent is a time to change direction, to respond to the reality of evil and poverty.
We live in a society that leaves no room for God; day by day this numbs our hearts.
We all need to improve, to change for the better. Lent helps us fight against our faults.
Lent is a time of grace, a time to convert and live out our baptism fully.
We cannot be tepid disciples.  The Church needs our courage in order to give witness to truth.
Jesus is never far from us sinners.  He wants to pour out on us, without limit, all of his mercy.
Jesus is our hope.  Nothing – not even evil or death – is able to separate us from the saving power of his love.
Sickness and death are not taboo subjects.  They are realities that we must face in Jesus’ presence.
May we learn to say “thank you” to God and to one another.  We teach children to do it, and then we forget to do it ourselves!
I greet the World School Network for Encounter. 
Today we plant the first virtual olive tree for peace. @infoscholas
Christian love is loving without counting the cost.  This is the lesson of the Good Samaritan; this is the lesson of Jesus.
Thank you for all your warm wishes on my anniversary. Please continue praying for me.
Please pray for me.
The challenge for Christian spouses:remaining together, knowing how to love one another always, and doing so in a way that their love grows.
Our deepest joy comes from Christ: remaining with him, walking with him, being his disciples.
Let us pray for Christians who are victims of persecution, so that they may know how to respond to evil with good.
Lent is a good time for sacrificing.  Let us deny ourselves something every day to help others.
In life we all make many mistakes. Let us learn to recognize our errors and ask forgiveness.
How to live a good marriage? United to the Lord, who always renews our love and strengthens it to overcome every difficulty.
Let us thank all those who teach in Catholic schools. Educating is an act of love; it is like giving life.
The Eucharist is essential for us: it is Christ who wishes to enter our lives and fill us with his grace.
In a family it is normal to take charge of those who need help. Do not be afraid of frailty!
All of us who are baptized are missionary disciples. We are called to become a living Gospel in the world.
Our Lady is always close to us, especially when we feel the weight of life with all its problems.
Let us never lose hope! God loves us always, even with our mistakes and sins.
Confirmation is important for Christians; it strengthens us to defend the faith and to spread the Gospel courageously.
Lord Jesus, make us capable of loving as you love.
Let us learn from Christ how to pray, to forgive, to sow peace, and to be near those in need.
To all who are sick, do not lose hope, especially when your suffering is at its worst.  Christ is near you.
Let us pray for peace in Africa, especially in the Central African Republic and in South Sudan. #prayforpeace
Dear young people, don’t be afraid to marry.  A faithful and fruitful marriage will bring you happiness.
Let us pray for seminarians, that they may listen to the voice of the Lord and follow it with courage and joy.
I greet all those who are sick and suffering.  Christ Crucified is with you; cling to him!
Today I ask you to join me in prayer for His Holiness Benedict XVI, a man of great courage and humility.
Let us pray for all good and faithful priests who dedicate themselves to their people with generosity and unknown sacrifices.
The Sacraments, especially Confession and the Eucharist, are privileged places of encountering Christ.
What zest life acquires when we allow ourselves to be filled by the love of God!
The world makes us look towards ourselves, our possessions, our desires.The Gospel invites us to be open to others, to share with the poor.
Dear young people, Jesus gives us life, life in abundance. If we are close to him we will have joy in our hearts and a smile on our face.
It is important to have friends we can trust. But it is essential to trust the Lord, who never lets us down.
May the World Day of Consecrated Life be a timely occasion to rediscover the centrality of Jesus in our lives.
Sometimes we are saddened by the weight of our sins. May we not be discouraged. Christ has come to lift this burden and give us peace.
No one saves oneself. The community is essential.
I cannot imagine a Christian who does not know how to smile. May we joyfully witness to our faith.
Let us pray for Christian unity. There are so many beautiful things which unite us
Dear young people, let us not be satisfied with a mediocre life. Be amazed by what is true and beautiful, what is of God!
It is easy to ask God for things; we all do it. When will we also learn to give him thanks and to adore him?
We are called to live our baptism every day, as new creatures, clothed in Christ.
Like Mary, may we nurture the light born within us at Christmas. May we carry it everywhere in our daily lives.
I join the March for Life in Washington with my prayers. May God help us respect all life, especially the most vulnerable
If we live the faith in our daily life, then our work too becomes a chance to spread the joy of being a Christian.
It is not enough to say we are Christians. We must live the faith, not only with our words, but with our actions.
Wars shatter so many lives. I think especially of children robbed of their childhood.
How powerful prayer is! May we never lose the courage to say: Lord, give us your peace.
Let us pray for peace, and let us bring it about, starting in our own homes!
May we always say thank you to God, especially for his patience and mercy.
The Lord is knocking at the door of our hearts. Have we put a sign on the door saying: “Do not disturb”?
No elderly person should be like an “exile” in our families. The elderly are a treasure for our society.
May we stop before the Child of Bethlehem and allow the tenderness of God to warm our hearts.
Let us contemplate the humility of the Son of God born into poverty. Let us imitate him by sharing with those who are weak.
Let us leave a spare place at our table: a place for those who lack the basics, who are alone.
Dear friends, I wish to thank you for the many kind Christmas greetings.  May the Lord bless you all!
Dear young people, Jesus wants to be your friend, and wants you to spread the joy of this friendship everywhere.
The Child Jesus reveals the tenderness of God’s immense love surrounding each one of us.
God does not reveal himself in strength or power, but in the weakness and fragility of a newborn babe.
Let us draw from the crib the joy and deep peace that Jesus comes to bring to the world.
In the face of the Child Jesus we contemplate the face of God. Come, let us adore him!
Our Mother Mary is full of beauty because she is full of grace.
May the joy of the Gospel be always in our hearts, especially this Christmas.
Before the Nativity scene, may we pray in a particular way for those suffering persecution for the faith.
Christ comes among us at Christmas: it is the perfect time for a personal encounter with the Lord.
The Lord is coming. May we await him with open hearts!
Christmas celebrations are often full of sound. It would be good for us to make room for silence, to hear the voice of Love.
Advent is a journey towards Bethlehem. May we let ourselves be drawn by the light of God made man.
This Christmas may we be consistent in living the Gospel, welcoming Jesus into the centre of our lives.
Let us pray that God grant us the grace of knowing a world where no one dies of hunger.
The love of God is not generic. God looks with love upon every man and woman, calling them by name.
We cannot resign ourselves to think of a Middle East without Christians.  Let us pray every day for peace.
This is Christian hope: that the future is in God’s hands.
Don’t be afraid to go to the Sacrament of Confession, where you will meet Jesus who forgives you.
We cannot think of a Church without joy.  This is the joy of the Church: announcing to all the name of Jesus.
Mary, Our Mother, sustain us in moments of darkness, difficultly and apparent defeat.
If we see someone who needs help, do we stop? There is so much suffering and poverty, and a great need for good Samaritans.
Dear young people, put your talents at the service of the Gospel, with creativity and boundless charity.
The cross is the price of true love. Lord, give us the strength to accept and carry our crosses!
Holiness doesn’t mean doing extraordinary things, but doing ordinary things with love and faith.
Fifty years ago, Vatican II spoke of communications. Let us listen to, dialogue with, and bring to Christ all those we encounter in life.
We are all called to be friends with Jesus. Don’t be afraid to love the Lord.
Your sins are great? Just tell the Lord: Forgive me, help me to get up again, change my heart!
The Church invites everyone to be embraced by the Father’s tenderness and forgiveness.
It is hard to forgive others. Lord, grant us your mercy, so that we can always forgive.
Let’s try to be open to God’s word, and open to the Lord’s surprises when he speaks to us.
The Church is missionary. Christ sends us forth to bring the joy of the Gospel to the whole world.
To live charitably means not looking out for our own interests, but carrying the burdens of the weakest and poorest among us.
The Sacraments are Jesus Christ’s presence in us.  So it is important for us to go to Confession and receive Holy Communion.
The Kingdom of Heaven is for those who place their trust in the love of God, not in material possessions.
To be saints is not a privilege for the few, but a vocation for everyone.
The Saints were not superhuman.  They were people who loved God in their hearts, and who shared this joy with others.
Confessing our sins may be difficult for us, but it brings us peace.  We are sinners, and we need God’s forgiveness.
Jesus kept his wounds so that we would experience his mercy.  This is our strength and our hope.
Dear young people, always be missionaries of the Gospel, every day and in every place.
Take care of God’s creation.  But above all, take care of people in need.
We remember the Philippines, Vietnam and the entire region hit by Typhoon Haiyan. Please be generous with prayers and concrete help.
God loves us.  May we discover the beauty of loving and being loved.
Our life must be centred on what is essential, on Jesus Christ.  Everything else is secondary.
I ask all of you to join me in prayer for the victims of Typhoon Haiyan / Yolanda especially those in the beloved islands of the Philippines
The Year of Faith is about to end.  Lord, in this graced moment, help us to take the Gospel seriously.
Saints are people who belong fully to God.  They are not afraid of being mocked, misunderstood or marginalized.
We need courage if we are to be faithful to the Gospel.
I thank all missionaries, men and women who quietly work hard for the Lord and their brothers and sisters.
The fight against evil is long and difficult.  It is essential to pray constantly and to be patient.
Christians know how to face difficulties, trials and defeat with serenity and hope in the Lord.
If money and material things become the center of our lives, they seize us and make us slaves
We are all sinners. But God heals us with an abundance of grace, mercy and tenderness.
Dear Followers I understand there are now over 10 million of you! I thank you with all my heart and ask you to continue praying for me
Too often we participate in the globalization of indifference. May we strive instead to live global solidarity.
The “throw-away” culture produces many bitter fruits, from wasting food to isolating many elderly people.
Being a Christian means renouncing ourselves, taking up the cross and carrying it with Jesus.  There is no other way.
The crucifix does not signify defeat or failure.  It reveals to us the Love that overcomes evil and sin.
If we are to know the Lord, we must go to him. Listen to him in silence before the tabernacle and approach him in the Sacraments.
To follow Jesus means putting him first, and stripping ourselves of all the things that oppress our hearts.
We cannot give up in the face of evil. God is Love and he has defeated evil through Christ’s death and resurrection.
Our prayer cannot be reduced to an hour on Sundays. It is important to have a daily relationship with the Lord.
Dear young people, do not be afraid of making decisive choices in life.  Have faith; the Lord will not abandon you!
Lord, have mercy! Too often we are blinded by our comfortable lives, and refuse to see those dying at our doorstep. #Lampedusa
When we encounter the Cross, we turn to Mary: Give us the strength, Mary our Mother, to accept and embrace the Cross!
The mystery of the Cross, a mystery of love, can only be understood in prayer.  Pray and weep, kneeling before the Cross.
The secret of Christian living is love.  Only love fills the empty spaces caused by evil.
Mercy is the true power that can save humanity and the world from sin and evil.
Dear young people, you have many plans and dreams for the future.  But, is Christ at the center of each of your plans and dreams?
Do we truly pray?  Without an abiding relationship with God, it is difficult to live an authentic and consistent Christian life.
Where we find hate and darkness, may we bring love and hope, in order to give a more human face to society.
Every marriage has difficult moments.  But these experiences of the Cross can make the path of love even stronger.
We do not become Christians by ourselves. Faith is above all a gift from God which is given to us in and through the Church.
God’s forgiveness is stronger than any sin.
Let us ask the Lord to give us the gentleness to look upon the poor with understanding and love, devoid of human calculation and fear.
The Church has no other meaning and finality than to witness to Jesus. May we not forget this.
True charity requires courage: let us overcome the fear of getting our hands dirty so as to help those in need.
Christ is always faithful. Let us pray to be always faithful to him.
We are all sinners, but we experience the joy of God’s forgiveness and we walk forward trusting in his mercy.
There are many people in need in today’s world. Am I self-absorbed in my own concerns or am I aware of those who need help?
Seeking happiness in material things is a sure way of being unhappy.
Sometimes it is possible to live without knowing our neighbours: this is not Christian.
Jesus is the sun and Mary is the dawn announcing his rising.
To follow Jesus means to share his merciful love for every human being #prayforpeace
The only war that we must all fight is the one against evil #prayforpeace
I thank everyone who participated in the prayer vigil and the fast for peace.#prayforpeace
Humanity needs to see these gestures of peace and to hear words of hope and peace! #prayforpeace
I ask each party to follow decisively and courageously the path of encounter and negotiation #prayforpeace
We ought never to lose hope.  God overwhelms us with his grace, if we keep asking.
Pray for Peace!
https://t.co/1RQ7TGub8L
#prayforpeace
All men and women of good will are bound by the task of pursuing peace. #prayforpeace
Dear young people, pray with me for peace in the world #prayforpeace
Peace is a good which overcomes every barrier, because it belongs all of humanity#prayforpeace
There is no such thing as low-cost Christianity.  Following Jesus means swimming against the tide, renouncing evil and selfishness
With all my strength, I ask each party in the conflict not to close themselves in solely on their own interests. #prayforpeace
Let the cry for peace ring out in all the world!#prayforpeace
With utmost firmness I condemn the use of chemical weapons.
We want in our society, torn apart by divisions and conflict, that peace break out!
By his coming among us, Jesus transforms our lives.  In him, we see that God is love, he is fidelity he is life who gives himself.
How much suffering, how much devastation, how much pain has the use of arms carried in its wake.
We want a peaceful world, we want to be men and women of peace.
War never again! Never again war!
Let us pray for peace: peace in the world and in each of our hearts.
Let us ask Mary to help us fix our eyes intently on Jesus, to follow him always, even when this is demanding.
Faith is not something decorative or for show. To have faith means to put Christ truly at the centre of our lives.
The love of God is not something vague or generic; the love of God has a name and a face: Jesus Christ.
Let us allow Jesus into our lives, and leave behind our selfishness, indifference and closed attitudes to others.
Jesus is the gate opening up to salvation, a gate open to everyone.
Don’t be afraid to ask God for forgiveness.  He never tires of forgiving us.  God is pure mercy.
Lord, teach us to step outside ourselves. Teach us to go out into the streets and manifest your love.
An excellent program for our lives: the Beatitudes and Matthew Chapter 25.
We cannot be Christians part-time.  If Christ is at the center of our lives, he is present in all that we do.
We cannot sleep peacefully while babies are dying of hunger and the elderly are without medical assistance.
Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, and guide us on the way that leads to Heaven.
To be children of God, and brothers and sisters to one another: this is the heart of the Christian experience.
One cannot separate Christ and the Church. The grace of Baptism gives us the joy of following Christ in and with the Church.
We are all jars of clay, fragile and poor, yet we carry within us an immense treasure.
With his coming among us, Jesus came close to us and encountered us; also today, through the Sacraments, he encounters us.
The light of faith illumines all our relationships and helps us to live them in union with the love of Christ, to live them like Christ.
The security of faith does not make us motionless or close us off, but sends us forth to bear witness and to dialogue with all people.
Dear young friends, it is worth wagering one’s life on Christ and on the Gospel, risking everything for great ideals! #Rio2013 #JMJ
Now, young friends, we must continue to live day by day all that we have professed together at WYD.
What an unforgettable week in Rio!  Thank you, everyone.  Pray for me. #Rio2013 #JMJ
I am back home, and I assure you that my joy is much greater than my exhaustion!
I profoundly thank all those who have worked to make WYD a success and I embrace all of you who were present. #Rio2013 #JMJ
We need to model our lives on the life of Jesus, so as to share his sentiments and his thoughts. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Dear young people, be true "athletes of Christ"! Play on his team! #Rio2013 #JMJ
We cannot keep ourselves shut up in parishes, in our communities, when so many people are waiting for the Gospel! #Rio2013 #JMJ
Dear young friends, learn to pray every day: this is the way to know Jesus and invite him into your lives. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Bishops are the pastors of the People of God.  Follow them with trust and courage. #Rio2013 #JMJ
There is no cross, big or small, in our life which the Lord does not share with us. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Every Friday is an opportunity to remember how much Jesus has suffered for us.  Lord, never let us forget how much you love us.
What an unforgettable welcome in Copacabana!  May God bless you all! #Rio2013 #JMJ
The measure of the greatness of a society is found in the way it treats those most in need, those who have nothing apart from their poverty.
The Christian life is not limited to prayer, but requires an ongoing dedication and courage born of prayer. #Rio2013 #JMJ
May sports always be a means of exchange and growth, never of violence and hate. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Let us thank Blessed John Paul II for WYD and for the many vocations born during these 28 gatherings. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Never forget, young friends:  The Virgin Mary is our Mother and with her help we can remain faithful to Christ. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Dear young friends, Christ has confidence in you and he entrusts his own mission to you: Go and make disciples! #Rio2013 #JMJ
The Church is young, as everyone can see at WYD.  May the Lord always keep us all young at heart. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Thank you to all of you and to all the authorities for a magnificent welcome in Rio. #Rio2013 #JMJ
Today we begin a wonderful week in Rio; may it be a time to deepen our friendship in Jesus Christ.
I am arriving in Brazil in a few hours and my heart is already full of joy because soon I will be with you to celebrate the 28th WYD.
How many wish to be in Rio for WYD but can’t!  May they feel at one with us in prayer.
Dear young friends, I know that many of you are still travelling to Rio.  May the Lord accompany you on your way.
Many of you have already arrived in Rio and many more are just arriving.  We will see one another there in only three days.
In this Year of Faith, let us remember that faith is not something we possess, but something we share.  Every Christian is an apostle.
God is so merciful toward us.  We too should learn to be merciful, especially with those who suffer.
Prayer, humility, and charity toward all are essential in the Christian life: they are the way to holiness.
For a Christian, life is not the product of mere chance, but the fruit of a call and personal love.
In this Year of Faith let us aim to do something concrete every day to know Jesus Christ better.
Lord, grant us the grace to weep over our indifference, over the cruelty that is in the world and in ourselves.
If we wish to follow Christ closely, we cannot choose an easy, quiet life.  It will be a demanding life, but full of joy.
Christians are always full of hope; they should never get discouraged.
We pray for a heart which will embrace immigrants.  God will judge us upon how we have treated the most needy.
The Lord speaks to us through the Scriptures and in our prayer.  Let us learn to keep silence before him, as we meditate upon the Gospel.
Jesus is more than a friend.  He is a teacher of truth and life who shows us the way that leads to happiness.
Christ’s love and friendship are no illusion.  On the Cross Jesus showed how real they are.
We cannot live as Christians separate from the rock who is Christ.  He gives us strength and stability, but also joy and serenity.
A Christian is never bored or sad.  Rather, the one who loves Christ is full of joy and radiates joy.
Let’s learn to lose our lives for Christ, like a gift or a sacrifice.  With Christ we lose nothing!
Jesus didn’t save us with an idea.  He humbled himself and became a man.  The Word became Flesh.
Charity, patience and tenderness are very beautiful gifts.  If you have them, you want to share them with others.
Are we ready to be Christians full-time, showing our commitment by word and deed?
We are all sinners.  But may the Lord not let us be hypocrites.  Hypocrites don’t know the meaning of forgiveness, joy and the love of God.
If we have found in Jesus meaning for our own lives, we cannot be indifferent to those who are suffering and sad.
Let us never forget that it is the Lord who guides the Church.  He is the one who makes our apostolates fruitful.
Christians are ready to proclaim the Gospel because they can’t hide the joy that comes from knowing Christ.
Are you angry with someone?  Pray for that person.  That is what Christian love is.
Let the Church always be a place of mercy and hope, where everyone is welcomed, loved and forgiven.
How many kinds of moral and material poverty we face today as a result of denying God and putting so many idols in his place!
We must not be afraid of solidarity; rather let us make all we have and are available to God.
With the “culture of waste”, human life is no longer considered the primary value to be respected and protected.
Consumerism has accustomed us to waste.  But throwing food away is like stealing it from the poor and hungry.
Care of creation is not just something God spoke of at the dawn of history: he entrusts it to each of us as part of his plan.
Christ leads us to go out from ourselves more and more, to give ourselves and to serve others.
Sometimes we know what we have to do, but we lack the courage to do it.
Let us learn from Mary how to make decisions, trusting in the Lord.
The world tells us to seek success, power and money;
God tells us to seek humility, service and love.
In this Year of Faith, we pray to the Lord that the Church may always be a true family that brings God’s love to everyone.
The whole of salvation history is the story of God looking for us: he offers us love and welcomes us with tenderness.
The Church is born from the supreme act of love on the Cross, from Jesus’ open side.  The Church is a family where we love and are loved.
Dear young people, the Church expects great things of you and your generosity. Don’t be afraid to aim high.
Every time we give in to selfishness and say “No” to God, we spoil his loving plan for us.
We all have in our hearts some areas of unbelief. Let us say to the Lord: I believe!  Help my unbelief.
Miracles happen. But prayer is needed! Prayer that is courageous, struggling and persevering, not prayer that is a mere formality.
On the feast of Mary Help of Christians I join the Catholics in China who trust in the protection of Our Lady of Sheshan and I pray for them
Do I take the Gospel message of reconciliation and love into the places where I live and work?
To live according to the Gospel is to fight against selfishness. The Gospel is forgiveness and peace; it is love that comes from God.
I am close to the families of all who died in the Oklahoma tornado, especially those who lost young children. Join me in praying for them.
The Holy Spirit transforms and renews us, creates harmony and unity, and gives us courage and joy for mission.
We must learn from Mary, and we must imitate her unconditional readiness to receive Christ in her life.
Are our lives truly filled with the presence of God?  How many things take the place of God in my life each day?
We cannot be part-time Christians!  We should seek to live our faith at every moment of every day.
It is God who gives life.  Let us respect and love human life, especially vulnerable life in a mother’s womb.
Am I faithful to Christ in my daily life?  Am I able to “show” my faith with respect but also with courage?
Let us pray for the many Christians in the world who still suffer persecution and violence.  May God grant them the courage of fidelity.
The Holy Spirit helps us to view others with fresh eyes, seeing them always as brothers and sisters in Jesus, to be respected and loved.
The Holy Spirit brings to our hearts a most precious gift: profound trust in God’s love and mercy.
I have come that they may have life and have it in abundance, says Jesus.  This is where true wealth is found, not in material things!
Do not be content to live a mediocre Christian life: walk with determination along the path of holiness.
Let us ask our Lord to help us bear shining witness to his mercy and his love in every area of our Christian lives.
Every Christian is a missionary to the extent that he or she bears witness to God’s love.  Be missionaries of God’s tenderness!
Let us ask Our Lady to teach us how to live out our faith in our daily lives and to make more room for the Lord.
It would be a good idea, during May, for families to say the Rosary together.  Prayer strengthens family life.
My thoughts turn to all who are unemployed, often as a result of a self-centred mindset bent on profit at any cost.
Dear young friends, learn from Saint Joseph. He went through difficult times, but he always trusted, and he knew how to overcome adversity.
Let us put our trust in God’s power at work!  With him, we can do great things.  He will give us the joy of being his disciples.
How marvellous it would be if, at the end of the day, each of us could say: today I have performed an act of charity towards others!
The Holy Spirit truly transforms us.  With our cooperation, he also wants to transform the world we live in.
Join me in praying for the victims of the tragedy in Dhaka, Bangladesh,
that God will grant comfort and strength to their families
Dear young people, do not bury your talents, the gifts that God has given you!  Do not be afraid to dream of great things!
At this time of crisis it is important not to become closed in on oneself, but rather to be open and attentive towards others.
Let us keep the flame of faith alive through prayer and the sacraments: let us make sure we do not forget God.
Mary is the one who says “Yes”.  Mary, help us to come to know the voice of Jesus better, and to follow it.
Each one of us longs for love, for truth, for life – and Jesus is all of these things in abundance!
“The sheep that belong to me listen to my voice and I know them.” The voice of Jesus is unmistakable!  He guides us along the path of life.
Please join me in praying for the victims of the explosion in Texas and their families.
To enter into the glory of God demands daily fidelity to his will, even when it requires sacrifice.
Jesus’ ascension into heaven does not mean his absence, but that he is alive among us in a new way, close to each one of us.
Worshipping God means learning to be with him, stripping away our hidden idols and placing him at the centre of our lives.
Let us not forget: if we are to proclaim the Gospel of Jesus, our lives must bear witness to what we preach.
If we act like children of God, knowing that he loves us, our lives will be made new, filled with serenity and joy.
Being a Christian is not just about following commandments: it is about letting Christ take possession of our lives and transform them.
How beautiful is the gaze with which Jesus regards us – how full of tenderness!  Let us never lose trust in the patience and mercy of God.
God loves us.  We must not be afraid to love him.  The faith is professed with the lips and with the heart, through words and through love.
Accept the risen Jesus into your life. Even if you have been far away, take a small step towards him: he awaits you with open arms.
Support your priests with your love and prayers, that they may always be shepherds after Christ’s heart
To experience Holy Week is to enter more and more into God's logic of love and self-giving
Being with Jesus demands that we go out from ourselves, and from living a tired and habitual faith
We must not believe the Evil One when he tells us that there is nothing we can do in the face of violence, injustice and sin.
I am looking forward to next July in Rio de Janeiro! I hope to see all of you in that great Brazilian city!
True power is service.  The Pope must serve all people, especially the poor, the weak, the vulnerable.
Let us keep a place for Christ in our lives, let us care for one another and let us be loving custodians of creation.
Dear friends, I thank you from my heart and I ask you to continue to pray for me.  
Pope Francis.
